## Postdoctoral Researcher, ICIQ, Spain



Prof. Núria López, from the Institute of Chemical Research of Catalonia, is looking for a postdoctoral researcher to work on a challenging project on Smart Characterization tools, which implies the analysis of experimental data to merge them with Density Functional Theory simulations. The ideal candidate will have high programming skills (Python) and a strong background in Neural Networks and related deep learning technologies, high versatility and good communication and training skills. The candidate needs to have an interest in materials modeling.

 

**Requirements**

- Finished PhD in Physics, Applied Mathematics, Data Science, or Theoretical/Computational Chemistry.
- Extensive programming skills
- Extensive background in NNs and DL.
- Ability to cooperate with experimental teams.
- Ability to present the results of research in scientific journals and in international congresses and also to non-scientific audience is a must.
- Proven excellent knowledge of English (desirable C1 level, IELTS 7.0-7.5).
- S/He should be motivated, open-minded, highly dynamic, and capable of working independently as well as in a team.

**Valued qualities:**

- Demonstrated experience in reporting and publishing research results in top scientific journals.
- Capable of working in a team, decision making, creative thinking and problem-solving.
- Strong commitment to scientific research in a competitive environment.

 

Link to apply: https://www.iciq.org/jobs-grants/position/project-researcher-ref-postdoc-2022-23-nl/details/apply/

We will only consider applications received through ICIQ's website.

Deadline: August 29th



https://psi-k.net/jobs/postdoctoral-researcher-iciq-spain